400 create citations using GitHub (#442)
scikit-learn-contrib/MAPIE: README.rst

Reviewer: Change file path names:

- l15: https://img.shields.io/github/license/simai-ml/MAPIE -> https://img.shields.io/github/license/scikit-learn-contrib/MAPIE
- l63: simai-ml -> scikit-learn-contrib
- l161: <https://github.com/simai-ml/MAPIE/issues> -> <https://github.com/scikit-learn-contrib/MAPIE/issues>

Author: done

==========

> MAPIE is free and open-source software licensed under the `3-clause BSD license <https://github.com/simai-ml/MAPIE/blob/master/LICENSE>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MAPIE is free and open-source software licensed under the `3-clause BSD license <LICENSE>`_.
```

Reviewer: Check that this change works.

📚 Citation
===========

> If you use MAPIE in your research, please cite using `citations file <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-citation-files>`_ on our repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use MAPIE in your research, please cite using `citations file <CITATION.CFF>`_ on our repository.
```

Reviewer: Check that this change works.

Author: I'm not sure this is useful as it does not tell you how to use the `CITATION.CFF file`.
But we can link to that anyways.
